Add and re-format installation instructions for Braze Swift SDK (#6681)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/react_native/react_sdk_setup.md

{% endtab %}
{% tab iOS %}

> #### (Optional) Configuring your Podfile for Dynamic XCFrameworks

Author: cc: @hokstuff - Added this note here for RN. I didn't think we need to do the same thing for Unity since it's already bundled together rather than being available as an option, but let me know if you feel we should call it out there as well!

To import certain Braze libraries, such as BrazeUI, into an Objective-C++ file, you will need to use the `#import` syntax. Starting in version 7.3.0 of the Braze Swift SDK, binaries have an [optional distribution channel as dynamic XCFrameworks](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-dynamic), which are compatible with this syntax.

> If you wish to use this distribution channel, manually override the CocoaPods source locations in your Podfile, referencing the sample below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to use this distribution channel, manually override the CocoaPods source locations in your Podfile. Reference the sample below and replace `{your-version}` with the relevant 
version you wish to import:
```

```ruby
pod 'BrazeKit', :podspec => 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-dynamic/{your-version}/BrazeKit.podspec'
pod 'BrazeUI', :podspec => 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-dynamic/{your-version}/BrazeUI.podspec'
pod 'BrazeLocation', :podspec => 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-dynamic/{your-version}/BrazeLocation.podspec'
```

#### Step 2.1b: Install pods

Since React Native automatically links the libraries to the native platform, you can install the SDK with the help of CocoaPods.

From the root folder of the project:

```bash
# To install using the React Native legacy architecture
cd ios && pod install

# To install using the React Native New Architecture

> cd ios && RCT_NEW_ARCH_ENABLED=1 pod install

Reviewer: I think we can move this above the legacy instructions bc ppl will more likely use it
